Xiao has seen Qin Zongzu
Green Dragon Swordsman
Where did Cang Xuan kill the evil gods of the four kingdoms?
Successfully helping each other
The evil gods of the four kingdoms are not the three of us
Kill those three
You are the pinnacle of my battle
It's not you, who is he?
This is also why we have called you, children and grandchildren
Your Xiao family has strong secular power
squeamish
Can be found in Kirin
The young man at the foot of the holy mountain
There is indeed an old man who investigated his name Zhouquan
But that was just a man in a tattered robe
Yoshinomura
Why are you three shutting up?
That is the holy leg of the kirin with a supreme contract
How can you talk nonsense behind your back?
Isn't the unicorn only a legendary holy beast?
What we see with our own eyes will also have armor
At that time, the three of me were embarrassingly defeated by the head of the four evil gods
It was the Holy One who saved us
Just one move will wipe out the four evil gods
What a move to kill the enemy
What kind of terrifying strength is this?
There are rumors
Wandao Tongtian
Kirin is respected
Those who obtain the Qilin pass-through are regarded as the common land of the world
Don't dare to obey the order
Pass the order down
I see the bone restart the first sword in the world Tianwen
Please ask the Qilin Venerable to take charge of the divine seal of my Heavenly Temple
Wang Su has not reached the summit for more than 100 years
This time the Holy One came out of the mountain
The Holy One must be invited to enter the stage
I am the supreme god of Yunyin Sect
It's been a thousand years
This time, I must ask the Holy One to enter
Bless me, East Gate, all things please
A thousand people are born
No one reports
I didn't expect it.
The legendary one came true
feasible
There is a deflector
I'll cancel it, you want to be positive and positive.
Mr. Wang, please hurry up and prepare the trillion gifts
And half of the property of my Xiao family?
Old age tomorrow
What's up?
So taboo
More than 500,000 people are ready to lie to God
Iron stone is Tianhe together
Let's meet the legendary adult
Ok ok
Ah, grandpa said
Your grandfather asked me to prepare an afterthought
Said you asked your grandpa to bring it with you
Then I will meet a legendary uncle
Dad, this money has nine turtles
After I was Xiao Xia, there were big people who favored my Xiao family
It's time for the announcement.
I started the assistant dinner prepared by Dad's wine table
Give me a gift when you're convinced
Grandpa decided you decided
I won't talk, let's go
everyone
Thank you all for coming to my Nansheng Nine Clan
Zhu Lin banquet held
At today's banquet
My Lu family will be the first to exterminate this so-called unicorn
Under the protection of my Lu family fairy
Hate the heavenly soldiers who help my Lu family
My nine families are here today
The Right Path of All Spirits or Nothingness Rumors
I specially invited the emperor's capital, Xiao Jiaxiao
Come to fight
What bullshit unicorn wings
My Xiao family never believed in this
You can drink today
It's you who win
You're welcome to sell.
My Lu family can have today
All by selling price
Support the 10 billion gigafactory we built
And the hundred billion international mining port?
Come and join us in preparing for sales.
I can guarantee it.
As long as you nine families
Follow in my footsteps
Your future will be bright
A bunch of ungrateful rats still want the light
Are you a match?